com/superliminal/magiccube4d/PuzzleManager.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager$1InterpFunc
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager$3
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager$Highlighter
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager$PuzzleListener
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleManager$ViewRotationInfo
com/superliminal/util/PropControls.java
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropCheckBox
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropCheckBox$1
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropCheckBox$2
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropRadioButton
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropRadioButton$1
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropRadioButton$2
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropSlider
 com.superliminal.util.PropControls$PropSlider$1
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/Macro.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Macro
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/NdSolve.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Arrays
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.NdSolve
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.NdSolve$PuzzleIO
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.NdSolve$PuzzleManipulation
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.NdSolve$SolveStuff
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.NdSolve$Utils
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d._MagicCubeNdSolve_TestPuzzlePlayer
com/donhatchsw/util/MergeFind.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.MergeFind
com/superliminal/util/ColorButton.java
 com.superliminal.util.ColorButton
 com.superliminal.util.ColorButton$1
 com.superliminal.util.ColorButton$1$1
 com.superliminal.util.ColorButton$1$2
 com.superliminal.util.ColorButton$2
 com.superliminal.util.ColorButton$3
 com.superliminal.util.ColorButton$ColorChangeListener
 com.superliminal.util.ColorizedButton
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/Vec_h.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Vec_h
com/donhatchsw/util/MyMath.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.MyMath
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/Math4d.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Math4d
com/donhatchsw/util/FuzzyPointHashSet.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.FuzzyPointHashSet
com/superliminal/util/FloatSlider.java
 com.superliminal.util.FloatSlider
 com.superliminal.util.FloatSlider$1
 com.superliminal.util.FloatSlider$2
com/superliminal/util/Console.java
 com.superliminal.util.Console
 com.superliminal.util.Console$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$10
 com.superliminal.util.Console$2
 com.superliminal.util.Console$3
 com.superliminal.util.Console$4
 com.superliminal.util.Console$5
 com.superliminal.util.Console$6
 com.superliminal.util.Console$7
 com.superliminal.util.Console$8
 com.superliminal.util.Console$8$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$9
 com.superliminal.util.Console$9$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel$1$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel$1$2
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel$1$2$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel$1$3
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel$1$3$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$ExpertControlPanel$2
 com.superliminal.util.Console$JCol
 com.superliminal.util.Console$JCol$1
 com.superliminal.util.Console$JRow
 com.superliminal.util.Console$TextAreaOutputStream
 com.superliminal.util.Console$TextAreaOutputStream$1
com/superliminal/util/PropertyManager.java
 com.superliminal.util.PropertyManager
 com.superliminal.util.PropertyManager$1
 com.superliminal.util.PropertyManager$LocalProps
 com.superliminal.util.PropertyManager$PropertyListener
 com.superliminal.util.PropertyManager$RemoteProps
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/PolytopePuzzleDescription.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PolytopePuzzleDescription
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PolytopePuzzleDescription$1
com/donhatchsw/util/TriangulationOptimizer.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.TriangulationOptimizer
 com.donhatchsw.util.TriangulationOptimizer$1
 com.donhatchsw.util.TriangulationOptimizer$DirectedEdge
 com.donhatchsw.util.TriangulationOptimizer$Heap
 com.donhatchsw.util.TriangulationOptimizer$Heap$Item
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/Audio.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Audio
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Audio$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Audio$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Audio$Sound
com/donhatchsw/util/Arrays.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.Arrays
 com.donhatchsw.util.Arrays$ArrayFormat
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/PipelineUtils.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PipelineUtils
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PipelineUtils$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PipelineUtils$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PipelineUtils$AnimFrame
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PipelineUtils$Callback
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PipelineUtils$PickInfo
com/donhatchsw/util/SortStuff.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.SortStuff
 com.donhatchsw.util.SortStuff$Comparator
 com.donhatchsw.util.SortStuff$DoubleComparator
 com.donhatchsw.util.SortStuff$IntComparator
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/MC4DView.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$3
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$4
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$5
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$6
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$7
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$8
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$8$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$AnimationQueue
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$AnimationQueue$QueueItem
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$ItemCompleteCallback
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DView$StickerListener
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/ProgressManager.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.ProgressManager
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.ProgressManager$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.ProgressManager$2
com/donhatchsw/util/Triangulator.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.Triangulator
 com.donhatchsw.util.Triangulator$1
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/MagicCube.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MagicCube
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MagicCube$Stickerspec
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MagicCube$TwistData
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/RotationHandler.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.RotationHandler
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.RotationHandler$Snap
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/MacroManager.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroManager
com/donhatchsw/util/VecMath.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.VecMath
 com.donhatchsw.util.VecMath$1
com/superliminal/util/ColorUtils.java
 com.superliminal.util.ColorUtils
com/superliminal/util/SpringUtilities.java
 com.superliminal.util.SpringUtilities
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/PuzzleDescription.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleDescription
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.PuzzleDescription$ProgressCallbacks
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/Congratulations.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Congratulations
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Congratulations$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Congratulations$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.Congratulations$3
com/donhatchsw/util/FuzzyPointHashTable.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.FuzzyPointHashTable
 com.donhatchsw.util.FuzzyPointHashTable$FuzzyException
 com.donhatchsw.util.FuzzyPointHashTable$FuzzyPoint
com/donhatchsw/util/PolyCSG.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.PolyCSG
 com.donhatchsw.util.PolyCSG$1
 com.donhatchsw.util.PolyCSG$2
 com.donhatchsw.util.PolyCSG$3
com/donhatchsw/util/TopSorter.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.TopSorter
 com.donhatchsw.util.TopSorter$1
 com.donhatchsw.util.TopSorter$LinkedListOfInts
com/superliminal/util/StaticUtils.java
 com.superliminal.util.StaticUtils
 com.superliminal.util.StaticUtils$1
 com.superliminal.util.StaticUtils$2
 com.superliminal.util.StaticUtils$3
 com.superliminal.util.StaticUtils$ExtentionFilter
 com.superliminal.util.StaticUtils$PopperUpper
 com.superliminal.util.StaticUtils$QuickFrame
com/superliminal/test/ModuleTest.java
 com.superliminal.test.ModuleTest
com/donhatchsw/util/Poly.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.Poly
 com.donhatchsw.util.Poly$1
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/MC4DApplet.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DApplet
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DApplet$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DApplet$2
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/MacroControls.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$3
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$4
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$5
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$6
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$7
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$8
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MacroControls$Listener
com/donhatchsw/util/SpecializedHashMap.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.SpecializedHashMap
 com.donhatchsw.util.SpecializedHashMap$1
 com.donhatchsw.util.SpecializedHashMap$IntArrayHashMap
 com.donhatchsw.util.SpecializedHashMap$KeyWrapper
com/donhatchsw/util/CSG.java
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$1
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$1ArrayList_Polytope
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$1FuzzyPointHashTable_Integer
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$2
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$3
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$4
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$5
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$6
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$7
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$HashCounter
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$HashablePair
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$HashableSortedArray
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$Hyperplane
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$IntHashCounter
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$Polytope
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$Polytope$1
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$Polytope$1ArrayList_Polytope
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$Polytope$1GlobalIndexAux
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$Polytope$1VisitedAux
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$Polytope$PushedAuxNext
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$SPolytope
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$StringHashCounter
 com.donhatchsw.util.CSG$StringTable
com/superliminal/util/ResourceUtils.java
 com.superliminal.util.ResourceUtils
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/History.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.History
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.History$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.History$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.History$HistoryListener
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.History$HistoryNode
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/MC4DSwing.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$10
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$11
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$12
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$13
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$14
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$15
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$16
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$17
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$18
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$19
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$1Scrambler
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$20
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$21
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$22
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$23
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$24
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$25
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$26
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$27
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$28
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$29
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$3
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$30
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$31
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$32
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$33
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$34
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$35
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$36
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$36$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$37
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$38
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$39
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$4
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$40
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$40$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$40$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$5
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$6
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$7
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$8
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$9
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor$1
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor$1MyLabel
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor$2
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor$3
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor$4
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor$5
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$PreferencesEditor$LeftAlignedRow
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DSwing$ProbableAction
com/superliminal/magiccube4d/MC4DLauncher.java
 com.superliminal.magiccube4d.MC4DLauncher
